feat(gen): removed pictures and applied guidelines MTA-7432 (#6818)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/apple-silicon/quickstart.mdx

## How to create a Mac mini

<Message type="important">
  Due to license constraints, the minimum lease for Apple silicon is 24 hours. As a result, the earliest you can delete a Mac mini is 24 hours after the start of its lease.
</Message>

> 1. Click [Apple silicon](https://console.scaleway.com/asaas/servers) in the **Bare Metal** section of the side menu. The [Apple silicon creation page](https://console.scaleway.com/asaas/servers) opens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the [console](https://console.scaleway.com/) side menu, click **Bare Metal** > **Apple silicon**. The [Apple silicon creation page](https://console.scaleway.com/asaas/servers) opens.
```

You can access your Mac mini using VNC, a remote desktop-sharing protocol. It allows you to visualize the graphical screen output of a remote computer and transfer local keyboard and mouse events to the remote computer using a network connection.

> For Windows, Linux, and macOS for OS specific information, see [How to access the remote desktop of a Mac mini](/apple-silicon/how-to/access-remote-desktop-mac-mini/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For OS-specific information (Windows, Linux, and macOS), see [How to access the remote desktop of a Mac mini](/apple-silicon/how-to/access-remote-desktop-mac-mini/).
```

  The deletion process takes about 30 minutes to complete.
</Message>

> 1. Click **Apple silicon** in the **Bare Metal** section of the side menu. A list of your Mac minis opens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the [console](https://console.scaleway.com/) side menu, click **Bare Metal** > **Apple silicon**. A list of your Mac minis appears.
```

2. Click <Icon name="more" /> next to the Mac mini you want to delete and select **Delete** from the dropdown. A confirmation dialog appears.
3. Type **DELETE**, then click **Delete Mac mini**.

> The list of your Mac minis opens, where the machine you deleted no longer appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list of your Mac minis is displayed, where the machine you deleted no longer appears.
```

Reviewer: To me, it is more natural for a list to be displayed than to open, but it's your decision, I don't want to keep nitpicking. :-) (I am suggesting to use "is displayed" since we have "appears" in the next sentence.)

Author: I tend to remove way too many "display" occurrences @vanda-scw so I'll comply x)
